Now with the improved routing, let's make sure we can make Michael disappear
when we click on him and for that first of all in my service, I'll add a removePerson method and let's
say I want get the name of that person and that will actually, the way I write it now, remove all persons
with that name,
you can refine this but I'll keep it simple here and then, I'll set this persons equal to this persons
filter.
Filter is a built-in method which executes a function on every element in the array, so it will look at
every person in the array
and here I use an arrow function which is a normal Javascript syntax, next-gen Javascript which is supported
by Typescript and it will then basically keep every person where we now return true and drop every person
where we return false and therefore of course, I'm not hardcoding true or false here but I need a dynamic
condition and I will check if person is unequal to name because this will then be true if the person
we're looking at in the array is not equal to the name we're passing in to remove person. That is the
person I want to remove and therefore if person is equal to name, then this should return false which
is why I need to check for the opposite.
So we're filtering out the person with this name.
We can now call remove person when I click on a person and first of all, let me console log this persons
here to see if that worked correctly
and now let's call remove person when we click on a person by going to our list
item, let's add a click listener and I'll name the method I want to execute onRemovePerson and I'll
forward person here.
Remember that is my local variable here which is just the string extracted from that list of persons.
So onRemovePerson is now a method I need to add in the persons component and there, I will get the person
name as an argument and then I want to reach out to my person service, prs service is the property name
here and call remove person and forward that person name. So that is all I should need to do here.
Now if we go back and I click on Manuel, we see something strange. We see in the console that this seemed
to work,
there is only Max and Anna in the array but here, we don't see that reflected.
Unlike before, Angular didn't update this correctly.
If I navigate to input and back to person list however, it is updated. So it seems like the data was kind
of updated correctly but Angular didn't pick up the change in our array here and that is a common mistake
you can make in Angular and in the next lecture,
I'll show you a way around that.